Adding MEM localization method to MNE-tools (#12659)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/devel/12659.other.rst

> Adding MEM localization method to MNE-tools. by `Ilian Azz`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add link to BEst-Python in the list of related software. by `Ilian Azz`_.
```
